README.md, before:

# TS Boilerplate Azure Functions

A boilerplate template for Azure Functions TypeScript projects.

## Directory structure

Configuration goes in the root directory.
Azure Functions require function definitions in the root directory. Use the
VS Code Azure Functions extension to create Azure Functions.
Shared source code goes in the `shared` directory.

## Development

Rename the `local.settings.sample.json` to `local.settings.json`.

To run the project, execute the command `npm start`. This command uses starts a
local Azure Functions runtime. The runtime reads settings from
`local.settings.json`.

### Debug

Debug the project by running the "Attach to Node Functions" configuration from
the VS Code debug menu.

### Tests

Test files sit in the same directory as their corresponding source files. The
test filename should match the source filename with the addition of `.spec` e.g.
`app.ts` would have an `app.spec.ts` test file. This project uses the
[Jest Testing Framework](https://jestjs.io/). Configuration for Jest exists
in the `jest.config.js` file.

To execute tests, run `npm test`. To execute tests in watch mode, run
`npm test -- --watch`.

To debug tests, select the "Jest All" or "Jest Current File" configuration from
the VS Code debug menu.

### Linting

We utilize [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) to find problems and enforce rules. We
use the [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) ESLint plugin to format code. Both tools
fix problems automatically when possible.

Configuration for ESLint exists in the `.eslintrc.js` file. The configuration
includes plugins to support linting TypeScript and JSDoc comments, as well as
integration with Prettier. These plugins are NPM packages.
Configuration for Prettier exists in the `.prettierrc.js` file.

To execute the linter, run `npm run lint`.

For VS Code users, install the `dbaeumer.vscode-eslint` and
`esbenp.prettier-vscode` VS Code extensions to lint as you code.

### Git hooks

To enhance code quality, the [Husky Git hook library](https://github.com/typicode/husky)
runs linting and test scripts upon the execution of certain Git commands.
Configuration for Husky exists in the `.huskyrc.js` file.

### Logging

The project is configured to use the
[log4js](https://github.com/log4js-node/log4js-node) logging library. Import
the pre-configured logger into your module:

```
// From the ./src/index.ts file.
import logger from './core/logger.service';

logger.trace('Entering testing');
logger.debug('Received response.');
logger.info('Config is 10.');
logger.warn('Not looking good.');
logger.error('Something bad happened');
logger.fatal('Uh-oh.');
```

The logger will log to standard output as well as the `logs` directory.

Commit message:

feature/Cosmos DB container service.

README.md, after:

# TS Boilerplate Azure Functions

A boilerplate template for Azure Functions TypeScript projects.

## Directory structure

Configuration goes in the root directory.
Azure Functions require function definitions in the root directory. Use the
VS Code Azure Functions extension to create Azure Functions.
Shared source code goes in the `shared` directory.

## Configuration

Rename the `local.settings.sample.json` to `local.settings.json` and fill with
your values.

In `shared/cosmos-db/configuration` rename `cosmos-db.config.sample.ts` to
`cosmos-db.config.ts` and fill with your values.

## Development

To run the project, execute the command `npm start`. This command uses starts a
local Azure Functions runtime. The runtime reads settings from
`local.settings.json`.

### Debug

Debug the project by running the "Attach to Node Functions" configuration from
the VS Code debug menu.

### Tests

Test files sit in the same directory as their corresponding source files. The
test filename should match the source filename with the addition of `.spec` e.g.
`app.ts` would have an `app.spec.ts` test file. This project uses the
[Jest Testing Framework](https://jestjs.io/). Configuration for Jest exists
in the `jest.config.js` file.

To execute tests, run `npm test`. To execute tests in watch mode, run
`npm test -- --watch`.

To debug tests, select the "Jest All" or "Jest Current File" configuration from
the VS Code debug menu.

### Linting

We utilize [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) to find problems and enforce rules. We
use the [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) ESLint plugin to format code. Both tools
fix problems automatically when possible.

Configuration for ESLint exists in the `.eslintrc.js` file. The configuration
includes plugins to support linting TypeScript and JSDoc comments, as well as
integration with Prettier. These plugins are NPM packages.
Configuration for Prettier exists in the `.prettierrc.js` file.

To execute the linter, run `npm run lint`.

For VS Code users, install the `dbaeumer.vscode-eslint` and
`esbenp.prettier-vscode` VS Code extensions to lint as you code.

### Git hooks

To enhance code quality, the [Husky Git hook library](https://github.com/typicode/husky)
runs linting and test scripts upon the execution of certain Git commands.
Configuration for Husky exists in the `.huskyrc.js` file.

### Logging

The project is configured to use the
[log4js](https://github.com/log4js-node/log4js-node) logging library. Import
the pre-configured logger into your module:

```
// From the ./src/index.ts file.
import logger from './core/logger.service';

logger.trace('Entering testing');
logger.debug('Received response.');
logger.info('Config is 10.');
logger.warn('Not looking good.');
logger.error('Something bad happened');
logger.fatal('Uh-oh.');
```

The logger will log to standard output as well as the `logs` directory.
